In recent years, a large number of people read news in different ways every day. Many people, if not most, are strong believers in the statement that seeing news which is same as their points is more benificial. However, from my standpoint, I prefer to reading news which against my point of view with the following reasons.

There is no debate that reading news against our point of view is able to broaden our horizon. That is to say, reading news different from our viewpoint provides us with a new perspective which we have not noticed before. Take myself as an example. I still remember when I was in middle school, I liked watching newspaper very much. At that time, I believed that It was not necessary to protect the environment, since it had the ability to refresh itself. But one day I inadvertently saw a report on newspaper, it said the environmental pollution had exceeded the ability of the earth's self-purification. If humans did not take actions, our world would be in danger. This news shocked me and showed the urgency that I had not noticed before. Therefore, reading news different from our viewpoint could broaden our horizon.



There are good reasons to suggest that reading news with different standpoint is able to help us make more friends. Since everyone likes to be friends with people who are tolerant, if you can be a tolerant person, there is no doubt that you will have more friends. To be more specific, it is proved that the one who can accept different opinions with himself is a tolerant man. We might take my friend John as an example. Because of excellent grades, John became the monitor of my class in middle school. However, when in the first semester, he was always lonely, and no one wanted to be friend with him. The problem is that he was irritabile. When others made mistakes, he would severely criticize them so he was not able to make friends. But surprisingly, in the second semester, he totally changed and became another person, gentle and easy going. Once someone made mistakes, he would tolerate it moderately. From then on, he gradually integrated into the class. One day I asked him what made him change so much. He told me that he started to read news against his point of view since the first semester which helped a lot. It made him see things in different standpoint and let him become be a tolerant person. Thus, reading news with different standpoint is able to help us make more friends.

In conclusion, reading news with different  point of view is better with respect to  expansion of knowledge horizon and the more chances to make friends.

